[shopsys] added more coding standards (#2035)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v9.1.0-dev.md

- fix displaying '+' sign in product filter ([#2023](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2023))
    - see #project-base-diff to update your project

- added more coding standards ([#2035](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2035))
    - disallowed usage of `empty()` is one which must be fixed manually

>         - first of all you should keep in ming the `empty` ignores undefined offsets and this state should be probably kept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - first of all, you should keep in mind the `empty` ignores undefined offsets and this state should be probably kept
```

Author: fixed

>         - if `empty` is used for checking elements of array it can be replaced via `count($array)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - if `empty` is used for checking elements of an array it can be replaced with `count($array)`
```

Author: fixed

>         - if `empty` is used for checking for empty values it should be replaced via `in_array($value, [null, false, '', '0', 0, 0.0, []])`

Reviewer: in that case, I just simulate the empty behavior

Author: the whole line was removed and replaced with better instructions

        - `Shopsys\ReadModelBundle\Product\Listed\ListedProductViewFacade::getIdsForProducts()`
            use `Shopsys\ReadModelBundle\Product\Listed\ListedProductViewFactory::getIdsForProducts()` instead
    - see #project-base-diff to update your project

- added more coding standards ([#2035](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2035))

>     - the most of the rules have their own fixer, run `php phing ecs-fix` to resolve them 

Reviewer: I would mention the need of running `standards-fix` several times, so user is not surprised (I was 😆 )
